Okay so back into a bit of more understandable topics here You also can ref functions with proxies not
just objects.
Actually you can read pretty much any object and functions are just kind of an object with a proxy.
So to do this all create a new function which is like whole log and desex back to a message and all
it does is it will basically say lock entry create the message call and then print out the message we
passed there.
So of course we may simply use this like this.
Hello.
And if Aranda is unsurprisingly of course you get log entry create at message below.
So far so good.
Now let's introduce a proxy or first let's create a handler for it as prox.
Now as you know on the reflect API we got this apply function to call functions and therefore I create
my Apply trap here.
Now here I also have a function of course and this function takes the same arguments as reflect API
function does the target d this argument so what.
This should stand for and a list of arguments which of course is an array.
Well then I could check if arguments less
bang is better than one.
So if you try to pass more than one argument for example if this is the case let's make it different
check if it's equal to 1.
So only if we pass exactly one argument then I will return refl. apply target.
These are arguments list.
Again that's a great way I can directly use your flight API.
I don't have to do anything else.
I can call the function like that but the next step I set up a proxy.
So the proxy will be of course new proxy like before I want to wrap my lock function so I pass it like
this without parentheses.
And then my handler and I can simply call proxy.
Hello.
I execute my proxy like a function.
I'm not calling proxy applied here because in the last example to get and said I didn't call DOT get
set that you were right.
So I just executed like a function.
Now what do you think I'll get if I had run.
Well I get my log message because I pass one argument.
But but do you think I'll get if I pass an extra argument let's say 10 what will now have
absolutely nothing.
Because now we're failing this check here therefore we're not actually calling this out dysfunction
and we're done.
Nothing else happens.
That's just an natural great way to not only wrap your objects and use traps there to kind of regulate
the property taxes but also here and functions to make sure that function calls help the way you want
it to happen.
And here again free your creativity and think about all the cases where you might want to use that or
where it could be useful to you.